# Hello!
## a little message 

> I am completely sorry to announce this, but I am no longer updating the source code. I decided to go with a premium solution. I realize no one was really donating. No one was really caring about my well-being or anything else. I'm not going to work for free no more with any of my projects. It is a sad fact, but the open source community is kind of a dead waste of time. You'd rather get money than actually help someone knowing they're not going to help you when you fall. So, I just wanted to say that and get that off my chest. That's why I haven't been updating the source code or this GitHub repository. But you can always find it on Built by Bit. It's $15 and requires a license key. Anything can support me. I'll be happy. I am so sorry to those who actually were wanting something fully open source and constant updates. Don't get me wrong, the codebase will remain open source, but a lot of it has changed during the time of its full recode session, so, yeah.

> This is an update again. The premium version is being put back on hold. I just don't have the time to calculate and do all the debugging and hoping the god, as I once did. I love anti-cheats, but I would say I have more capability with just regular plugins than an anti-cheat. I just don't have the time anymore. CCAC is still being continued by my friend. I will be occasionally helping him with that plugin. I may open source the premium version, but as of right now, no, I will not be doing that. Because I actually may return to this. But right now, I just don't have the desire. So thank you for understanding. And if you have any questions, you can always contact me on Discord. Thank you. (disc: ret.tawny.disc)
>
> And here's my actual reasons of why I'm just forfeiting this anti-cheat for as of right now. Number one, performance issues and peeing related issues. Me trying to debug while focusing on other stuff is not key. Work, mental energy, and just energy all in general will not work good. I done fucked up and even relied on AI a little bit to help. But that even went further down. So as of right now, I'd rather not even focus on something if I'm just gonna break it and make everyone who paid for it annoyed. So that's why I am not doing it no more.
